1、I am a slow walker,but I never walk backwards.
　　我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。

　　2、Wealth is the test of a man's character.
　　财富是对一个人品格的试金石。

　　3、It is no use doing what you like; you have got to like what you do.一一Winston Churchill
　　不能爱哪行才干哪行，要干哪行爱哪行。--丘吉尔

　　4、Genius only means hard-working all one's life .（ Mendeleyer,Russian Chemist）
　　天才只意味着终身不懈的努力。 （俄国化学家 门捷列夫）

　　5、The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
　　世界上对勇气的最大考验是忍受失败而不丧失信心。

　　6、I feel strongly that I can make it.
　　我坚信我一定能成功。

　　7、Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.
　　没有目标的生活如同没有罗盘的航行。

　　8、There is but one secret to sucess---never give up!
　　成功只有一个秘诀——永不放弃！

　　9、Failure is the mother of success.
　　失败乃成功之母。

　　10、If you fail, don't forget to learn your lesson.
　　如果你失败了，千万别忘了汲取教训。

　　11、Difficult circumstances serve as a textbook of life for people.
　　困难坎坷是人们的生活教科书。

　　12、There's only one corner of the universe you can be sure of improving, and that's your own self.
　　这个宇宙中只有一个角落你肯定可以改进，那就是你自己。

　　13、All things in their being are good for something.
　　天生我才必有用。

　　14、For man is man and master of his fate.
　　人就是人，是自己命运的主人。

　　15、Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet . （Jean Jacques Rousseau , French thinker）
　　忍耐是痛苦的，但它的果实是甜蜜的。 （法国思想家 卢梭。 J. J.）

　　16、The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
　　对明天做好的准备就是今天做到最好！

　　17、The good seaman is known in bad weather.
　　惊涛骇浪，方显英雄本色。

　　18、Sharp tools make good work.
　　工欲善其事，必先利其器。

　　19、There is no garden without its weeds.
　　没有不长杂草的花园。

　　20、Suffering is the most powerful teacher of life.
　　苦难是人生最伟大的老师。

　　21、Gods determine what you're going to be. （Julius Erving）
　　人生的奋斗目标决定你将成为怎样的人。（欧文）

　　22、Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
　　心之所愿，无事不成。

　　23、When all else is lost the future still remains.
　　就是失去了一切别的，也还有未来。

　　24、Believe that god is fair.
　　相信上帝是公平的。

　　25、He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.
　　身体健壮就有希望，有了希望就有了一切。

　　26、Do what you say,say what you do.
　　做你说过的，说你能做的。

　　27、Never say die.
　　永不气馁！

　　28、Energy and persistence conquer all things. （Benjamin Franklin）
　　能量加毅力可以征服一切。（富兰克林）

　　29、The shortest way to do many things is to only one thing at a time.
　　做许多事情的捷径就是一次只做一件事。

　　30、Constant dripping wears away the stone.
　　锲而不舍，金石可镂。

　　31、Do one thing at a time, and do well.
　　一次只做一件事，做到最好！

　　32、Live a noble and honest life. Reviving past times in your old age will help you to enjoy your life again.
　　过一种高尚而诚实的生活。当你年老时回想起过去，你就能再一次享受人生。

　　33、Although again sweet candy, also has a bitter day.
　　即使再甜的糖，也有苦的一天。

　　34、The reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.
　　伟人之所以伟大，是因为他立志要成为伟大的人。

　　35、All things come to those who wait.
　　苍天不负有心人。

　　36、Gods determine what you're going to be.
　　人生的奋斗目标决定你将成为怎样的人。

　　37、The first step is as good as half over.
　　第一步是最关键的一步。

　　38、Nurture passes nature.
　　教养胜过天性。

　　39、The best hearts are always the bravest.
　　心灵最高尚的人，也总是最勇敢的人。

　　40、What makes life dreary is the want of motive.
　　没有了目的，生活便郁闷无光。

　　41、The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
　　成功的秘诀在于对目标的忠实。

　　42、Never put off what you can do today until tomorrow.
　　今日事今日毕！

　　43、Only they who fulfill their duties in everyday matters will fulfill them on great occasions.
　　只有在日常生活中尽责的人才会在重大时刻尽责。

　　44、Nothing is impossible!
　　没有什么不可能！

　　45、Keep on going never give up.
　　勇往直前， 决不放弃！

　　46、If your world doesn't allow you to dream, move to one where you can.--BILLY IDOL
　　如果环境不容许你有梦想，迁移到容许你梦想的地方去吧。--比利。艾道尔

　　47、A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
　　只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。

　　48、Our destiny offers not the cup of despair , but the chalice of opportunity . （Richard Nixon, American President）
　　命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。（美国总统 尼克松 . R.）

　　49、Wasting time is robbing oneself.
　　浪费时间就是掠夺自己。

　　50、Never underestimate your power to change yourself!
　　永远不要低估你改变自我的能力！

　　51、While there is life there is hope.
　　一息若存，希望不灭。

　　52、A man can't ride your back unless it is bent.
　　你的腰不弯，别人就不能骑在你的背上。

　　53、Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow . （Emerson, American thinker）
　　进步是今天的活动、明天的保证。 （美国思想家 爱默生）

　　54、The wealth of the mind is the only wealth.
　　精神的财富是唯一的财富。

　　55、Victory won''t come to me unless I go to it.
　　胜利是不会向我们走来的，我必须自己走向胜利。

　　56、You have to believe in yourself . That''s the secret of success.
　　人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。

　　57、A man's best friends are his ten fingers.
　　人最好的朋友是自己的十个手指。

　　58、I have nothing to offer but blood , toil tears and sweat . （Winston Churchill, British Politician）
　　我所能奉献的没有其它，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。（英国政治家 丘吉尔 . W.）

　　59、Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.　　如果你想要成功，不要去追求成功；尽管做你自己热爱的事情并且相信它，成功自然到来。

　　60、You cannot improve your past, but you can improve your future. Once time is wasted, life is wasted.
　　你不能改变你的过去，但你可以让你的未来变得更美好。一旦时间浪费了，生命就浪费了。

　　61、The man who has made up his mind to win will never say “impossible ”.
　　凡是决心取得胜利的人是从来不说“不可能的”。

　　62、Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.
　　生活没有目标，犹如航海没有罗盘。

　　63、Cease to struggle and you cease to live.
　　生命不止，奋斗不息。

　　64、Man struggles upwards; water flows downwards.
　　人往高处走，水往低处流。

　　65、Wisdom in the mind is better than money in the hand.
　　胸中有知识，胜于手中有金钱。

　　66、Sow nothing, reap nothing.
　　春不播，秋不收。

　　67、The shortest way to do many things is to only one thing at a time.
　　做许多事情的捷径就是一次只做一件一件事。